BOARD'S REPORT (Continued) 2. OPERATIONS OF THE COMPANY (a) The Company's valued investments are in the divisions, subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures of the Company that house new and high technology businesses, as well as in other Tata companies. The fair value of the gross Investments of the Company as at March 31, 2024 stood at Rs. 9,995.04 crore, cost price Rs. 3,596.81 crore (Previous Year : Rs. 5,680.69 crore, cost price Rs. 3,596.81 crore). The Company holds significant investments in Tata Motors Limited, Tata AutoComp Systems Limited, Qubit Investments Pte. Ltd. and Tata Digital Private Limited. (b) The Company holds a Certificate of Registration (CoR) No. N-13.02011 dated April 27, 2012 issued by the Reserve Bank of India categorizing Tata Industries Limited as a Core Investment Company, which is Systemically Important (SI), and not permitted to accept public deposits. (c) An internal project team is engaged in incubating/ reviewing investments in growth areas such as Healthcare and other emerging Technology areas for ideating and conceptualising investment in new businesses. 3. OPERATIONS OF THE DIVISIONS a. Tata Strategic Management Group (TSMG) During FY 2023-24, TSMG has been supporting Tata Sons Private Ltd. and all major Tata companies with strategy, incubation and execution support. In the case of Tata Sons, support is aligned to the Tata group's strategic planks developing strategies for futuristic opportunities for the Group in various B2B and B2C areas along with execution excellence, digital, climate and new energy areas. TSMG has deepened its support for the Tata group companies including Air India, Tata Motors, Agratas, Tata Communication, Tata Steel, Infiniti Retail Ltd, Tata Projects, Tata Digital and IHCL. It has worked on key strategic and transformation initiatives focused on growth, customer experience and profitability. TSMG also continued to strengthen its relationship with leaders of Tata group companies. TSMG has continued to hire high quality talent from top-tier strategy firms and has collaborated with global strategy firms to support the Tata ecosystem in strategy and transformation initiatives. Over the last 3 years, 22 employees from TSMG have enhanced their career paths by moving to strategy leadership roles in Tata group companies, making it a source for quality lateral talent. This has significantly enhanced TSMG reputation as an employer of home for strategy roles. In 2024-25, TSMG proposes to strengthen its capabilities in select areas such as infrastructure, aviation, electronics, consumer &amp; retail, manufacturing, AI &amp; digital, sustainability and supply chain to further support the group's strategic planks, while continuing to drive impactful projects with group companies, including new incubations. 5 INDUSTRIES Eightieth Annual Report Tata Industries Limited BOARD'S REPORT (Continued) b. Tata Insights &amp; Quants (Tata iQ) Tata iQ has continued its partnership with several Tata companies across key sectors in furthering their data and analytics journey. The focus on analytics solutions in predictive asset maintenance, predictive quality management, supply chain &amp; logistics, strategic procurement, customer analytics, customer life cycle management, HR analytics, and customer &amp; market insights continued during the year. Companies are placing a higher focus on foundational activities such as Data Governance. Tata iQ received a Net Promoter Score (NPS) of 65 (average rating of 8.7 on a scale of 0-10). Each of the 12 companies that responded had at least one promoter stakeholder. Of the 26 stakeholders, 18 were Promoters (Score of 9 or 10), which was testament to the focus Tata iQ has placed on ensuring it is able to drive value for Group companies through data and analytics. Solutions backed by Assets &amp; Accelerators (A&amp;A), especially computer vision across multiple use cases from safety to quality, continues to see adoption across applications in Group companies. With our existing engagements with the group companies and projects in the pipeline, Tata iQ is poised to leverage solution-led analytics offerings across the Group, and an ecosystem of complementary partners, to further drive value through data &amp; analytics, and customised solutions to promote Group company participation across Group initiatives in a Scalable, Sustainable and Synergistic method. c. Connected Health Connected Health is in early stages of innovating technology driven healthcare vitals monitoring devices. These devices will be paired with an intelligent platform to provide actionable insights. 4. ANNUAL RETURN framed thereunder, the Annual Return in Form MGT - 7 for FY 2023-24 is available on

As per the requirements of Section 92(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 ('Act') and Rules https://www.tataindustries.com/investors.htm.

In pursuance of the Companies (Management and Administration) Second Amendment Rules, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company have appointed Chief Financial Officer &amp; Company Secretary as the Designated Person for compliance under the said Rules. 5. NUMBER OF MEETINGS OF THE BOARD The Board met 8 times during the financial year viz., on April 27, 2023, May 24, 2023, August 1, 2023, October 5, 2023, October 30, 2023, January 31, 2024, February 26, 2024 and March 28, 2024. The maximum interval between any two meetings did not exceed 120 days. 6 BOARD'S REPORT (Continued) 6. DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT Based on the framework of internal financial controls and compliance systems established and maintained by the Company, work performed by the internal, statutory and secretarial auditors including audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting by the statutory auditors and the reviews performed by Management, the Board is of the opinion that the Company's internal financial controls and compliance systems were adequate and effective during the financial year 2023-24. Accordingly, pursuant to Section 134(5) of the Act, the Board of Directors, to the best of their knowledge and ability, confirm that: i. in the preparation of the annual accounts for financial year ended March 31, 2024, the applicable accounting standards have been followed and there are no material departures; ii. they have selected such accounting policies and applied them consistently and made judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company as on March 31, 2024 and of the loss of the Company for the year ended on that date; iii. they have taken proper and sufficient care for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of this Act for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities; iv. they have prepared the annual accounts for financial year ended March 31, 2024 on a going concern basis; and v. they have devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws which are adequate and operating effectively. 7. PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES OR INVESTMENTS UNDER SECTION 186 OF THE ACT The Company being a Core Investment company, the provisions of Section 186 of the

Act, pertaining to investment and lending activities are not applicable to the Company. Details of loans, investments and guarantees to other bodies corporate are provided in the financial statements. 8. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS In line with the requirements of the Act, the Company has formulated a Framework for Related Party Transactions (RPTs) and all the RPTs were either within the Framework approved by the Board or were separately approved by the Audit Committee and the Board as required under the Act. The Policy on dealing with Related Party Transactions is available on the website of the Company at https://www.tataindustries.com/investors.htm. 7 INDUSTRIES Eightieth Annual Report Tata Industries Limited BOARD'S REPORT (Continued) Details of transactions with related parties as required under Section 188 of the Act are provided in Form No. AOC 2, in Annexure A. 9. MATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENTS AFFECTING THE FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY There have been no material changes and commitments, affecting the financial position of the Company which have occurred between the end of the financial year of the Company to which the financial statements relate and the date of the report. 10. i. CONSERVATION OF ENERGY AND TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION The Company's activities involve low energy consumption. However, efforts are made to further reduce energy consumption. Meanwhile, measures are taken to improve energy efficiency at the Company's workplaces, on a continuous basis. Being a Core Investment Company, there is no material information on technology absorption to be furnished. The Company continues to adopt and use the latest technologies to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of its business operations. ii. FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO The Company has incurred expenditure in foreign currency amounting to Rs. 2.03 crore (Previous Year : Rs. 5.48 crore) and has earned income in foreign currency amounting to Rs. NIL during the year (Previous Year : Rs. 0.16 crore). 11. i. RISK MANAGEMENT

The Board of Directors of the Company has a Risk Management Committee to frame, implement and monitor the risk management plan for the Company. The Committee is responsible for monitoring and reviewing the risk management plan and ensuring its effectiveness. The Board has additional oversight in the area of financial risks and controls. The Company has developed and implemented Risk Management Policy as contemplated under Section 134(3)(n) of the Act for possible risks that may be faced by the Company. ii. INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS The Company's internal control systems are commensurate with the nature of its business and the size and complexity of its operations with reference to the financial statements presented by the Company. 12. ANNUAL PERFORMANCE EVALUATION BY THE BOARD The performance of the Board and of its Committees was evaluated after seeking inputs from all the Directors on the basis of criteria such as the Board composition and structure, effectiveness of Board processes, information and functioning, etc. 8 BOARD'S REPORT (Continued) The performance of the individual Directors was also evaluated based on criteria such as the contribution of the individual Director to the Board Meetings, preparedness on the issues to be discussed, meaningful and constructive contribution and inputs in meetings, attendance, etc. The criteria for evaluation is modelled based on the Guidance Note on Board Evaluation dated January 05, 2017, issued by Securities and Exchange Board of India. The Board of Directors reviewed the performance evaluation of the Board, its Committees and individual Directors. 13. DETAILS OF SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL ORDERS PASSED BY THE REGULATORS OR COURTS OR TRIBUNALS IMPACTING THE GOING CONCERN STATUS AND COMPANY'S OPERATIONS IN FUTURE During the year under review, no order has been passed by the Regulators or Courts or Tribunals impacting the going concern status and Company's operations in future. Therefore, the provisions relating to disclosure of details of material orders are not applicable to the Company. 14. DIRECTORS As on March 31, 2024, the Board of Directors of the Company consists of four Directors. During the year, Mr. N. Srinath (DIN: 00058133) resigned as a Director w.e.f. April 28, 2023. The Board places on record its sincere appreciation for his contribution to the Company. Mr. Eruch Kapadia (DIN: 02230412) was appointed as an Additional Director of the Company w.e.f. April 28, 2023. Mr. Kapadia's appointment as Non-executive Director of the Company was approved by the Shareholders of the Company at the Annual General

Meeting held on 2nd June, 2023. In accordance with Articles 126 &amp; 127 of the Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. F. N. Subedar (DIN: 00028428) is liable to retire by rotation at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting (AGM) and being eligible, has offered himself for re-appointment. The Board commends the said re-appointment. Accordingly, a resolution seeking shareholders' approval for his re-appointment forms part of the AGM Notice. Pursuant to the 'Fit and Proper' Policy adopted by the Company under the RBI directions for Core Investment Companies, the Company has received the 'Fit and proper' declarations from all the Directors of the Company. The Company has in place a Policy for Remuneration of the Directors, key managerial personnel and other employees, is available on the website of the Company at https://www.tataindustries.com/investors.htm. During the year under review, the non-executive Directors of the Company had no pecuniary relationship or transactions with the Company, other than sitting fees for the purpose of attending meetings of the Board and the Committees of the Company. 9 INDUSTRIES Eightieth Annual Report Tata Industries Limited BOARD'S REPORT (Continued) Pursuant to the provisions of Section 203 of the Act, the Key Managerial Personnel of the Company as on March 31, 2024 are: - Mr. K.R.S. Jamwal (DIN 03129908), Executive Director - Mr. S. Sriram, Chief Financial Officer &amp; Company Secretary 15. COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD The Board has the following Committees: · Corporate Social Responsibility Committee · Risk Management Committee · Asset Liability Management Committee · Nomination and Remuneration Committee · Approvals Committee · Audit Committee (Constituted during the year pursuant to RBI Directions) The details of the Committees are included in the Corporate Governance Report, which is appended to this Report as Annexure E. 16. SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATE COMPANIES The Company has three subsidiaries, seven associates and one joint venture company. There has been no material change in the nature of the business of the subsidiaries, associates and the joint venture company. During the year Qubit Investments Pte. Ltd. (wholly owned subsidiary), sold-off its entire stake in Flisom AG on June 29, 2023, pursuant to which Flisom AG and Flisom Hungary KFT, ceased to be subsidiaries of the Company. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 129(3) of the Act, a statement containing the salient features of financial statements of the Company's subsidiaries in Form AOC-1 is appended to this Report as Annexure B. Further, pursuant to the provisions of Section 136 of the Act, the financial statements of the Company, consolidated financial statements along with relevant documents and separate audited financial statements in respect of subsidiaries, are available on the website of the Company at https://www.tataindustries.com/investors.htm. 17. DEPOSITS The Company has not accepted any deposits falling in the ambit of Section 73 of the Act and therefore the provisions relating to disclosure of details of deposits are not applicable to the Company. 10 BOARD'S REPORT (Continued) 18. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) The Company has a well-defined CSR policy which outlines the thrust areas of development viz. (i) Livelihood &amp; Employability, (ii) Health, (iii) Education, (iv) Environment, as adopted by the CSR Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company. The CSR policy is available on the website of the Company at https:// www.tataindustries.com/investors.htm. The brief outline of the Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) policy and a report of the CSR activities of the Company is attached as Annexure C, as stipulated under the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility) Rules, 2014, as amended. The members of the CSR Committee are Mr. F. N. Subedar and Mr. K.R.S. Jamwal. 19. VIGIL MECHANISM The Company has established a Vigil Mechanism for its Directors and employees to report their genuine concerns or grievances. The said mechanism encompasses the Whistle Blower Policy, the Fraud Risk Management Process, the Ethics mechanism under Tata Code of Conduct, etc. and provides for adequate safeguards against victimization of persons who use such mechanism. 20. DISCLOSURES AS PER THE SEXUAL HARASSMENT OF WOMEN AT WORK PLACE (PREVENTION, PROHIBITION AND REDRESSAL) ACT, 2013 The Company has zero tolerance for sexual harassment at workplace and has adopted a Policy on prevention, prohibition and redressal of sexual harassment at workplace in line with the provisions of the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 and the Rules thereunder for prevention and

redressal of complaints of sexual harassment at workplace. The Company has complied with provisions relating to the constitution of Internal Committees as required under the above Act. The Company has not received any complaint regarding sexual harassment during the Financial Year 2023-24. 21. SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT The Board of Directors of the Company had appointed M/s. Parikh &amp; Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries, to conduct the Secretarial Audit and their Report on Company's Secretarial Audit is appended to this Report as Annexure D. The Secretarial Audit Report does not contain any qualification, reservation or adverse remark. 22. AUDITORS' REPORT There is no qualification, reservation, adverse remark or disclaimer made in the Independent Auditors' Report on the Standalone and Consolidated Financial Statements 11 INDUSTRIES Eightieth Annual Report Tata Industries Limited BOARD'S REPORT (Continued) for the financial year 2023-24 pertaining to their audit opinion on the financial statements and internal financial controls. 23. REPORTING OF FRAUD During the year under review, the Statutory Auditors, Internal Auditors and Secretarial Auditors have not reported any instances of frauds committed in the Company by its officers or employees, to the Board of Directors under Section 143(12) of the Act, details of which needs to be mentioned in this Report. 24. STATUTORY AUDITORS Pursuant to the provisions of section 139 of the Act and Rules framed thereunder, Reserve Bank of India ('RBI') Guidelines for Appointment of Statutory Central Auditors (SCAs)/ Statutory Auditors (SAs) of Commercial Banks (excluding RRBs), UCBs and NBFCs (including HFCs) dated April 27, 2021, and Frequently Asked Questions dated June 11, 2021 (RBI Guidelines), M/s. Singhi &amp; Co., Chartered Accountants (ICAI Firm Registration No. 302049E) had been appointed as the Statutory Auditors of the Company till the conclusion of the ensuing AGM of the Company, for a continuous period of 3 years. Accordingly, in compliance with RBI Guidelines and Master Direction - Reserve Bank of India (Non-Banking Financial Company -Scale Based Regulation) Directions, 2023, it is proposed to appoint M/s. Chhajed and Doshi, Chartered Accountants (ICAI Firm Registration No. 101794W), as the Statutory Auditors of the Company from the conclusion of ensuing AGM until the conclusion of the 83rd AGM to be held in the year 2027. The

Audit Committee and Board of Directors, respectively, commends their appointment as the Statutory Auditors of the Company, subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company. A resolution seeking shareholders' approval for their appointment forms part of the AGM Notice. 25. COST AUDITORS Maintenance of cost records as specified by the Central Government under Section 148(1) of the Act is not applicable to the Company. 26. SECRETARIAL STANDARDS The Company has devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all the applicable Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and that such systems are adequate and operating effectively. 27. PROCEEDINGS PENDING UNDER THE INSOLVENCY AND BANKRUPTCY CODE There are no such proceedings or appeals pending and no application has been filed under Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 during the year under review and from the end of the financial year upto the date of this report. 12 13 28. DETAILS OF DIFFERENCE BETWEEN AMOUNT OF THE VALUATION DONE AT THE TIME OF ONE-TIME SETTLEMENT AND THE VALUATION DONE WHILE TAKING LOAN FROM THE BANKS OR FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS During the year under review, there was no instance of any one-time settlement for reporting details vis-à-vis valuation with the Banks or Financial Institutions. 29. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT The Corporate Governance Report is appended to this Report as Annexure E. 30. MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS REPORT The Management Discussion and Analysis Report is appended to this Report as Annexure F. 31. ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS The Directors thank the Company's employees, customers, vendors, investors and academic partners for their continuous support. The Directors also thank the Government of India, Governments of various States in India, Foreign Governments and concerned Government departments and agencies for their co-operation. The Directors appreciate and value the contribution made by every member of the Tata Industries families. Finally, we appreciate and value the contributions made by all our employees and their families for making the Company what it is today.

BOARD'S REPORT (Continued) Place : Mumbai Date : May 3, 2024 Registered Office : Bombay House 24 Homi Mody Street Mumbai 400 001 CIN : U44003MH1945PLC004403 For and on behalf of the Board of Directors, F. N. Subedar K.R.S. Jamwal Director Executive Director DIN : 00028428 DIN : 03129908 INDUSTRIES Eightieth Annual Report Tata Industries Limited 14 ANNEXURE - A FORM NO. AOC-2 Form for disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the Company with related parties referred to in sub-section (1) of section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the 'Act') including certain arm's length transactions under third proviso thereto:(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of section 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)ANNEXURE - D FORM No. MR-3 SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024 (Pursuant to section 204 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule No. 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014) To, The Members, TATA INDUSTRIES LIMITED We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate practices by TATA INDUSTRIES LIMITED (hereinafter called 'the Company'). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon. Based on our verification of the Company's books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company, to the extent the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorised representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit, the explanations and clarifications given to us and the representations made by the Management and considering the relaxations granted by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period covering the financial year ended on March 31, 2024, generally complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter: We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records made available to us and maintained by the Company for the financial year ended on March 31, 2024 according to the applicable provisions of: (i) The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made thereunder; (ii) The Securities Contract (Regulation) Act, 1956 ('SCRA') and the rules made thereunder; (iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder; (iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings; (v) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 ('SEBI Act'): (a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011; (Not applicable to the Company during the audit period) 20 ANNEXURE - D FORM No. MR-3 SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024 (Continued) (b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015; (c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 and amendments from time to time; (Not applicable to the Company during the audit period) (d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021; (Not applicable to the Company during the audit period) (e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 2021; (Not applicable to the Company during the audit period) (f) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share

Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client; (Not applicable to the Company during the audit period) (g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021; (Not applicable to the Company during the audit period) and (h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018; (Not applicable to the Company during the audit period) (vi) Other laws applicable specifically to the Company namely:1. Directions issued by the Reserve Bank of India with regard to Core Investment Companies, 2016, the Foreign Exchange Management (Overseas Investment) Directions, 2022, RBI Scale based Regulations, as applicable; 2. Systematically Important Non-Banking Financial (Non Deposit Accepting or Holding Companies Prudential Norms (RB) Directions, 2015; and 3. The Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following: (i) Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India with respect to board and general meetings. During the period under review, the Company has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, standards etc. mentioned above. 21 INDUSTRIES Eightieth Annual Report Tata Industries Limited 22 We further report that: The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors. There were changes in the composition of the Board of Directors during the period under review. Adequate notice was given to all directors to schedule the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent at least seven days in advance, except for those Board Meetings, which were held at a shorter notice, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting. As per the minutes, the decisions at the Board Meetings were taken unanimously. We further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with the size and operations of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines etc. We further report that during the audit period the Company had no events which had bearing on the Company's affairs in pursuance of the above referred laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards etc. ANNEXURE - D FORM No. MR-3 SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024 (Continued) This Report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and Forms an integral part of this report. Place : Mumbai Date : 03-05-2024 For Parikh &amp; Associates Company Secretaries Jigyasa N. Ved Partner FCS No. : 6488 CP No. : 6018 UDIN : F006488F000260951 PR No. : 1129/2021 23 'Annexure A' To, The Members TATA INDUSTRIES LIMITED Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter. 1. Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit. 2. We have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the process and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company. 4. Where ever required, we have obtained the Management Representation about the Compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening of events etc. 5. The Compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis. 6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the

Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company. ANNEXURE - D FORM No. MR-3 SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024 (Continued) Place : Mumbai Date : 03-05-2024 For Parikh &amp; Associates Company Secretaries Jigyasa N. Ved Partner FCS No. : 6488 CP No. : 6018 UDIN : F006488F000260951 PR No. : 1129/2021 INDUSTRIES Eightieth Annual Report Tata Industries Limited ANNEXURE - E CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT Company's Philosophy on Corporate Governance The Company recognises its role as a corporate citizen and endeavours to adopt the best practices and the highest standards of corporate governance through transparency, ethical business practices and accountability to its customers, Government, and other stakeholders. The Company believes that good governance is essential, and also enables the Management to direct and control the affairs of the Company in an efficient manner and to achieve the Company's goal of maximising value for all its stakeholders. The Company will continue to focus its resources, strengths and strategies to achieve its vision, while upholding the core values of transparency, integrity, honesty and accountability, which are fundamental to a Tata company. As a part of the Tata Group, Tata Industries Limited has a strong legacy of fair, transparent and ethical governance practices. The Corporate Governance philosophy is further strengthened with adherence to the principles of Tata Business Excellence Model as a means to drive excellence, the Key Performance Metrics for tracking progress on long-term strategic objectives and the Tata Code of Conduct (TCOC), which articulates the values, ethics and business principles and serves as a guide to the Company, its directors and employees, supplemented with an appropriate mechanism to report any concern pertaining to non-adherence to the TCOC. In addition, the Company has adopted a Policy against Sexual Harassment (POSH) in the Workplace, a Fit and Proper Policy for ascertaining the fit and proper criteria of the directors at the time of appointment and on a continuing basis, an Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy, an Anti-Money Laundering Policy, a Gifts and Hospitality Policy, Whistle Blowers' Policy, Conflict of Interest Policy and Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading. The Company has signed the Tata Brand Equity and Business Promotion ('BEBP') Agreement with Tata Sons Private Limited for subscribing to the TATA BEBP Scheme. The Company abides by the TCOC and the norms for using the Tata Brand identity. The Company has also framed Internal Guidelines on Corporate Governance, pursuant to Master Direction - Reserve Bank of India (Non-Banking Financial Company - Scale Based Regulation) Directions, 2023, enhancing the scope of corporate governance practices. 1. Board of Directors The Board of Directors, along with its Committees, provides leadership and guidance to the Company's Management and directs, supervises, and controls the activities of the Company. The size of the Board is commensurate with the business and activities of the Company. As on March 31, 2024, the Board comprised four Directors viz., Mr. F. N. Subedar, Ms. Aarthi Subramanian, Mr. Eruch Kapadia and Mr. K. R. S. Jamwal. The composition of the Board of Directors, meetings of the Board, remuneration and shareholding in the Company are tabulated below. * Ceased to be a Director on April 28, 2023. # He has opted not to take sitting fees for attending Corporate Social Responsibility Committee meetings.ANNEXURE - F MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS REPORT Company Overview Tata Industries Limited ('TIL' / 'the Company') is registered with the Reserve Bank of India as a Core Investment Company. The Company is an investment holding company and is part of the promoter group with shareholding in Group companies apart from being engaged in incubation / promotion of new business ventures. As on March 31, 2024, the Company has 3 subsidiaries and the Company together with its divisions, subsidiaries and a joint venture entity are engaged in diversified businesses including Strategy and Management Consulting, Data Analytics, Healthcare Diagnostics, Education Technology, Healthsciences and Biosciences. More than 90% of the net assets of the Company are in the form of investments in various Tata companies. The primary source of inflow is dividends received from Tata companies, occasionally supplemented by sale of investments. Business Highlights The Company's investing strategy is driven by assessments of technology developments that create business opportunities in areas ranging from Edtech to Healthcare.

The Company continues to make investments in existing businesses to enable them to capitalize on growth opportunities. In Strategy &amp; Management Consulting, the Company sees strong opportunity to serve clients more deeply and to improve functional excellence, as well as facilitate ongoing transformations. There could be risks relating to retention of the high-quality talent which is relied on by the business, due to competitive intensity. Changes in the business environment could lead to deferment of projects by clients. In Data Analytics, the Company sees opportunities in growing digitization and increasing value creation that analytics can generate in key sectors, apart from new regulations requiring better data governance. Possible risks include data sensitivity with the threat of cyber-attacks, and retention of talent in a rapidly growing data-centric environment. Segment-wise performance Please refer to Note No. 35 of the Standalone Financial Statements. Risks and Concerns The Company's Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Company's risk management framework. The Risk Management Committee has been formed to assist the Board for identification, assessment and monitoring of risks in line with the business strategies and operations. The charter of the said committee is approved by the Board and lays